These constraints include, but not limited to:
1. Each Use r must have a user ID, account and password 
2. PCS Administrator has an account and password 
3. A User should be either a Pet Owner or a Care Taker , or both 
4. Each Pet must have a pet ID, and belongs to one category that is identified by the category name
5. Each Care Taker should be either a full-time or a part-time employee 
6. Each Care Taker should minimally state the days they are available, the kind of pets they can take care and their daily price for each kind of Pet
7. A Care Taker should not take care of Pet they cannot care for 
8. A Care Taker may take care of more than one Pet at any given time 
9. Both the Pet Owner and Care Taker should agree on how to transfer the Pet , which can only be one of the following three: 
	a. Pet Owner deliver 
	b. Care Taker pick up 
	c. Transfer through the physical building of PCS administrator
10. Full-time Care Takers cannot be on leave if taking care of at least 1 Pet 
11. Care Taker can only take care of at most 5 Pet at any time regardless of rating 
12. Care Taker can only provide availability for the current year and the next 
13. Part-time Care Taker can only take care of at most 2 Pet unless he has a rating of at least 4
14. A Pet Owner can only bid at least the base daily price set by the PCS administrator for any Full-time Care Taker
15. A Full-time Care Taker will receive a salary of $3000 per month for the first 60 pet-days (number of pets taken care of for how many days). They will receive 80% of their price from any excess pet-day
16. A Part-time Care Taker will take only 75% of their price as payment 
17. The rating of Feedback is an integer of no less than 1 and no more than 5 
18. Care Taker ’s rating is a floating point number between 1 and 5. 
19. Transaction payment method can only be credit card or cash
20. Full-time Care Taker must work a minimum of 2 times 150 consecutive days a year 

ER primary keys: All primary keys are UUIDs, no serial types were involved in the creation of this ER diagram.
Note:
We have an ID attribute for the majority of the entities. The ID doesn’t need to be a serial type, it could be a UUID as well. These IDs will act as the primary key of the table to uniquely identify a tuple.